Update the mDoc data model (#612)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/pid-eaa-issuance.rst

      - A method that was used to derive **code challenge**. It MUST be set to ``S256``.
      - :rfc:`7636#section-4.3`.
    * - **scope**

>       - JSON String. String specifying a unique identifier of the Credential that MUST be mapped in the `credential_configurations_supported` metadata claim of the Credential Issuer. For example, in the case of the PID it may be set to ``PersonIdentificationData``, in case of mobile driving licence in SD-JWT VC format ``dc_sd_jwt_mdl`` and ``mso_mdoc_mdl`` in case of mobile driving license in mDoc format. It MAY be multivalued, each value MUST be separated by a space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - JSON String. String specifying a unique identifier of the Credential that MUST be mapped in the `credential_configurations_supported` metadata claim of the Credential Issuer. For example, in the case of the PID, it may be set to ``PersonIdentificationData``. In case of mobile driving licence in SD-JWT VC format, ``dc_sd_jwt_mdl``, while ``mso_mdoc_mdl`` in case of mobile driving license in mDoc format. Since it MAY be multivalued, when this occurs each value MUST be separated by a space.
```

      - :rfc:`6749`
    * - **authorization_details**
      - Array of JSON Objects. Each JSON Object MUST include the following claims:

            - **type**: it MUST be set to ``openid_credential``,

>             - **credential_configuration_id**: JSON String. String specifying a unique identifier of the Credential that MUST be mapped in the `credential_configurations_supported` metadata claim of the Credential Issuer. For example, in the case of the PID, it may be set to ``PersonIdentificationData``, in the case of mobile driving licence in SD-JWT VC format ``dc_sd_jwt_mdl`` and ``mso_mdoc_mdl`` in case of mobile driving license in mDoc format.

Reviewer: this text repeats what already read and commented in my previous comment. Please reduce repetitions using refs
